Add use cases to README (#16)
nmattia/niv: README.md

  `nix/sources.nix` file that returns the sources as a Nix object.
* [Show](#show): shows the packages' information.

The next two sections cover [common use cases](#use-cases) and [full command
description](#commands).

### Use cases

This covers three use cases:

* [Bootstrapping a Nix project](#bootstrapping-a-nix-project).
* [Tracking a different a different nixpkgs branch](#tracking-a-nixpkgs-branch).
* [Fetching packages from custom URLs](#using-custom-urls).

#### Bootstrapping a Nix project

> There is an `init` command that is useful when starting a new Nix project or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`niv init` is useful when starting a new Nix project or
```

when porting an existing Nix project to the niv versioning:

``` shell
$ niv init
...
$ tree
.
├── default.nix
├── nix
│   ├── default.nix
│   ├── packages.nix
│   ├── sources.json
│   └── sources.nix
└── shell.nix

1 directory, 6 files
```

The files `default.nix`, `nix/default.nix` and `nix/packages.nix` are useful
defaults for any Nix project. The file `nix/sources.json` is the file used by
niv to store versions and is initialized with niv and nixpkgs:

``` json
{
    "nixpkgs": {

>         "url": "https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs-channels/archive/....tar.gz",

Reviewer: it might be best to put some real data as an example

        "owner": "NixOS",
        "branch": "nixos-18.09",
        "url_template": "https://github.com/<owner>/<repo>/archive/<rev>.tar.gz",
        "repo": "nixpkgs-channels",
        "sha256": "...",
        "description": "Nixpkgs/NixOS branches that track the Nixpkgs/NixOS channels",
        "rev": "..."
    },
    "niv": {

>         "homepage": "",

Reviewer: why is there an empty homepage here?

Author: Not sure, the GitHub API returning silly stuff

        "url": "https://github.com/nmattia/niv/archive/....tar.gz",
        "owner": "nmattia",
        "branch": "master",
        "url_template": "https://github.com/<owner>/<repo>/archive/<rev>.tar.gz",
        "repo": "niv",
        "sha256": "...",
        "description": "Manager for third-party packages in Nix",
        "rev": "..."
    }
}
```

The content of this file can be used from Nix by importing `nix/sources.nix` as
done in the generated `nix/default.nix` file:

``` nix
{ sources ? import ./sources.nix }:
with
  { overlay = _: pkgs:
      { inherit (import sources.niv {}) niv;
        packages = pkgs.callPackages ./packages.nix {};
      };
  };
import sources.nixpkgs
  { overlays = [ overlay ] ; config = {}; }
```

The files `default.nix`, `shell.nix` and `nix/packages.nix` are placeholders
for your project.

#### Tracking a nixpkgs branch

The `init` command sets the `nix/sources.json` file to track the latest commit
present on nixpkgs 18.09 when the command was run. Run this commit to track
update to the latest commit:

``` shell
$ niv update nixpkgs
```

To change the branch being tracked run this command:

``` shell

> $ niv update -b nixos-19.03             # equivalent to --branch nixos-19.03

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ niv update nixpkgs -b nixos-19.03             # equivalent to --branch nixos-19.03
```

Reviewer: or is it defaulting to `nixpkgs`?

Author: Typo, it doesn't default to anything.
